Add optional token for regex and httpheader. Add htmlparser source (#182)
lilydjwg/nvchecker: docs/usage.rst

  This only works when the source implementation uses the builtin HTTP client.

httptoken

>   A personal authorization token used to call the url. The type of token depends on the authorization required. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A personal authorization token used to fetch the url with the ``Authorization`` header. The type of token depends on the authorization required. 
```

follow_redirects
  (*Optional*) Whether to follow 3xx HTTP redirects. Default is ``false``. If you are looking at a ``Location`` header, you shouldn't change this.

Search with an HTML Parser
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
::

  source = "htmlparser"

> Send an HTTP request and search through the body a specific xpath.

Reviewer: We need to note that an additional dependency `lxml` is required.

Author: Should I add the dependency in the setup.py "install_requires" ?

Reviewer: No, because only users who use this source plugin need it, and lxml is quite large.

url
  The URL of the HTTP request.

xpath

>   A xpath expression used to find the version string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  An xpath expression used to find the version string.
```
